FINAL FANTASY

"In fact it's just an ordinary well."
―Narration, Final Fantasy

"We just be cannonfodder. Never 'ave the chance to show what we're really made of..."
―Goblin, Final Fantasy

"Restore the Crystals to grace."
―Prayers by NPCs, Final Fantasy

"Here lies Link."
―On a headstone, Final Fantasy

"I, Garland, will knock you all down!"
―Garland to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"You dare to cross blades with me?"
―Garland to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"You must have cannonballs of steel to challenge me!"
―Bikke to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"I see...a cycle of wrath...a dim light...guided by destiny...that upon which our entire future revolves."
―Lukahn, of the Circle of Sages, Final Fantasy

"For you are the warrior who crossed time. You are the bringer of light..."
―Ending Credits, Final Fantasy

"Let's see how you handle the mighty me! And by me, I mean Gilgamesh!! And by handle, I mean DIE!!!"
―Gilgamesh to the Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"The world lies in shrouded darkness.
The winds die...
The seas rage...
The earth decays...
But the people believe in a prophecy, patiently waiting for its fulfillment.
'When darkness veils the world, four Warriors of Light shall come.'
After a long journey four young warriors did at last appear...
...and in the hand each was holding a crystal."
―Intro, Final Fantasy
FINAL FANTASY II

"All those who live must some day die. It is our fate."
―Minwu, Final Fantasy II

"Reluctance to forgive has long been a human failing. It is man's nature to sin, yet you answer sin with violence upon violence. Is that not itself a sin?"
―Emperor Mateus, Final Fantasy II

"I get to be his underling even in the afterlife, talk about lucky!"
―Cid's Underling, Final Fantasy II

"We were attacked by the Dreadnought. They're dead. They're all dead..."
―Female soldier in Poft, Final Fantasy II

"Guy speak beaver."
―Guy, Final Fantasy II

"Next to you I realize just how pathetic I am..."
―Gordon, Final Fantasy II

"Forgive me, Your Highness, but there is something I must ask of you. Please allow us to join the rebel army!"
―Firion to Princess Hilda, Final Fantasy II

"The password is Wild Rose. Remember it well."
―Princess Hilda, Final Fantasy II

"Trustin' pirates doesn't say much for the space ye got between yer ears."
―Leila attempting to mug the party, Final Fantasy II

"Ooooh, looky your weird face. Why you no weary mask?"
―NPC on the Tropical Island, Final Fantasy II

"This is the Castle of Hell... Pandaemonium!"
―Firion, Final Fantasy II

"To yer posts, boys! Whether it be Deist or the bloody edge of the world, we'll get ye there!"
―Leila joins the party, Final Fantasy II

    Emperor Mateus: "Why do you hesitate? Do you not desire eternal life?"
    Scott: "I'm already dead."
    — The Light Emperor speaks to the party in Arubboth, Final Fantasy II

"I did take the lives of many foes while fighting the empire..."
―Scott, thinking he is in Hell, Final Fantasy II

"You do realize you're quite mad..."
―Paul, Final Fantasy II

"You may have a little trouble spilling the blood of Ricard Highwind, last of the dragoons!"
―Ricard to the Emperor, Final Fantasy II

"As Guardian of this altar, I take it upon myself to judge your worthiness."
―Deumion, Final Fantasy II

"For us, there can be no going back."
―Leon, Final Fantasy II

"You should consider what I am about to do a great honor... I shall kill you personally!"
―Emperor Mateus, Final Fantasy II
FINAL FANTASY III

"Fat Chocobo can store items in its belly! Isn't that hilarious? And slightly disturbing?"
―a girl in Gysahl Village, Final Fantasy III

"Toads!? I hate toads! Don't turn me into one!"
―Refia to Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"You won't take my crystal! Instead, you will take a sound thrashing!"
―Goldor, Final Fantasy III

"H-hey! Uh... Stop that!"
―Arc defending Alus, Final Fantasy III

"No! You can't ask us to... Doga, Unei... We can't fight you!"
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"Why do I get the feeling this is not the safest place to be...?"
―Luneth upon falling into Altar Cave, Final Fantasy III

"I am a Warrior of the Dark... one of the four who stopped the flood of light a thousand years ago. I have come to join you."
―Warrior of Darkness, Final Fantasy III

"Turnip-squeezing bashi-bazouks like you, the four warriors of legend!?"
―Delilah, Final Fantasy III

"Too bad that these days, even putting on my socks is enough physical exertion for a good twenty-four hours."
―Cid Haze, Final Fantasy III

"Fear not! Our word is our bond! We shall return!"
―Ingus to Princess Sara, Final Fantasy III

"It can't be a coincidence... the Crystal must have known!"
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"In ancient times, man's greatest wonder / Was to harness light; but what a blunder!"
―Bard in Falgabard, Final Fantasy III

"I can see why the crystals chose you. I can feel the light within you...strong, yet gentle..."
―Aria Benett, Final Fantasy III

"Swell... And here I was, hoping we'd get a chance to buy some new weapons."
―Luneth on the Saronia Civil War, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "...It's weird. I feel as if we've done this before."
    Arc: "Did you hit your head or something? We'd never even seen an airship until we met Cid."
    — Arc and Luneth after the first airship crash, Final Fantasy III

"Maybe they're out pillaging villages like good soldiers of doom?"
―Refia on the abandoned Castle Argus, Final Fantasy III

"Books...! Knowledge!"
―Arc about the Library of Saronia, Final Fantasy III

"Our treasure's yours! Follow me, and behold the dwarven moonwalk! Come, come!"
―Dwarf, Final Fantasy III

"Of course not! His sword is worth twice that of these two."
―Refia comparing Ingus to Arc and Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"The Djinn's curse turned me into a ghost... Am I going to die like this? Or am I already dead...? Doom! Despair! Oh me, oh my!"
―Kazus villager, Final Fantasy III

"What gibberish is that? The floating continent theorem was already hard to take in..."
―Ingus, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "Aaah! Wh-what is this cloud!? It's...it's draining my strength away..."
    Ingus: "Hold on! Our answers lie on the surface! We must reach it!"
    — Crossing to the surface world, Final Fantasy III

"He does a noble thing. Do not even think of mocking him, Luneth."
―Ingus, Final Fantasy III

"I can't help but wonder... what has happened to my father? Why would he expel his own son?"
―Prince Alus, Final Fantasy III

"Noah's Lute, the legendary lute sealed away within time, begins to sound a quiet song that reaches deep within your heart."
―Game text on finding Noah's Lute, Final Fantasy III

"What is it, young man? Embarrassed to be seen walking around with an old crone like me? [...] Then stop staring and get moving!"
―Unei joins the party, Final Fantasy III

"The gift that Noah gave Xande—mortality—is the greatest gift of all."
―Unei, Final Fantasy III

"Being able to die is a great gift...? I still don't get it..."
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"We did it! We've got our own ship! Now we can go to exotic ports, and meet even more exotic women!"
―Desch, Final Fantasy III

"I'm not a coward... But I know I have to be stronger... But I can't ask for Luneth's help... I'll show them!"
―Arc, Final Fantasy III

"You must understand that your meeting with the crystal was not happenstance. It was the crystal's will. You have been chosen."
―Topapa, Final Fantasy III

"His face was covered in soot and his clothes were burnt to tatters. The child he carried in his arms... was you."
―Topapa to Luneth, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "Slacking off saved her from the curse, so maybe that 'luck' might rub off on us!"
    Refia: "Hey! That's not fair!"
    — Refia joins the party, Final Fantasy III

FINAL FANTASY IV

"I suppose this is my fate as a Dark Knight."
―Cecil to Rosa, Final Fantasy IV

"Damnation!"
―Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"I have longed to renounce this hateful thing."
―Cecil referring to the dark sword, Final Fantasy IV

"Never fear! Me and my Enterprise will fill your share!"
―Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"I'm gonna kill the whole lot of you if you don't come back safe!"
―Cid to Cecil's party, Final Fantasy IV

"Heh, heh. Rydia's got you whipped, eh, kid?"
―Cid teasing Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"To hell with your self-righteous crap!"
―Edge to Rubicante, Final Fantasy IV

"How I yearned for this! When last we met, you taught me a great truth; that many are more powerful than one! I'll restore you to full strength. Now, show us what power you possess."
―Rubicante, Final Fantasy IV

"Watch your mouth, windbag! I'm Edge, prince of Eblan!"
―Edge to Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"Sweet! Not one, but two babes in the party."
―Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"Don't forget handsome, and really skilled!"
―Edge, after Kain calls him "slick", Final Fantasy IV

"It's okay. Antlions are quite tame."
―Edward to Cecil and Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"True evil will never die."
―Fusoya to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Never hesitate to kill, Kain."
―Golbez to Kain, Final Fantasy IV

"Befuddled by a woman? You pitiful wretch."
―Golbez, referring to Kain's attraction towards Rosa, Final Fantasy IV

"Does this mean you have forgiven me?"
―Golbez to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Dissension only leads to treason, and that I will not tolerate."
―King of Baron to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Cecil, Rosa. I cannot bring myself to face you both, not yet."
―Kain to himself, Final Fantasy IV

"I'm afraid we're going to have to get rid of the girl."
―Kain to Cecil regarding Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"I can't believe I'm helping this sleaze."
―Palom referring to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"So now we'll have another geezer on board."
―Palom referring to Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"That repulsive brat is my twin brother."
―Porom referring to Palom, Final Fantasy IV

"Sir, no disrespect, but that acting of yours is about as subtle as a crutch."
―Porom to Baigan, Final Fantasy IV

"It was Lugae who made chimerae of your parents. I shared no hand in his perversities. They shame me as they grieve you."
―Rubicante to Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"But anger never bears true strength, and it blinds you."
―Rubicante to Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"The most important thing is that we are alike on the inside, not on the outside. Isn't that right, Cecil?"
―Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"Didn't I say that we were all fighting for a common cause? Besides, I'm the only Caller you have!"
―Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"I am doom itself!"
―Tellah, Final Fantasy IV

"You spoony bard!"
―Tellah to Edward, Final Fantasy IV

"The Cecil I know would never whimper like this. The Cecil I love..."
―Rosa Farrell to Cecil Harvey, Final Fantasy IV

""Men of Baron fight not without just cause." That's what His Majesty taught us, isn't it?"
―Rosa Farrell to Kain Highwind, Final Fantasy IV

"Without me along, who will heal you when you're hurt?"
―Rosa Farrell to Cecil Harvey, Final Fantasy IV

"The body dies, but the spirit lives on."
―Zemus, Final Fantasy IV

"Why oh why can't I just run away and leave them here?"
―Edge, in thought, Final Fantasy IV
FINAL FANTASY IV: THE AFTER YEARS

"This girl's no good as an Epopt, that's for sure. But as my partner, she passes with flying colors!"
―Palom, regarding Leonora, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Seriously, that is one creepy face you're making."
―Palom to Leonora, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"You've got a lot to learn, boy. Starting with how to keep that mouth of yours shut."
―Biggs, to Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"You are the last...of the Red Wings, Ceodore...We, the Red Wings...are the greatest airship fleet in the skies...the pride of Baron! My orders...are the law...to you..."
―Biggs's last words to Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Ceodore: "You've heard of them?"
    Hooded Man: ""Who hasn't heard of them?" would be a better question."
    — The Hooded Man, referring to the Red Wings, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Hooded Man: "You're all right..."
    Cecil: "Of course I am. I need to be if Baron is going to continue keeping the peace in this world. "
    — Cecil meets the Hooded Man, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Cecil: "If you're just a stray beggar, then please leave immediately. I am a very busy man."
    Hooded Man: "Pardon me..."
    — Cecil meets the Hooded Man, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Kain: "Even if it costs your life?"
    Edward: "Mm-hmm."
    — Kain threatening Edward for Damcyan's crystal, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Leonora: "Maintain your composure...Contain your mainposure..."
    Palom: "You've lost it already, haven't you?"
    — Palom trains Leonora in Black Magic, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Dark Knight: "I...I am Cecil! The true Cecil!?"
    Cecil: "You are myself...That is true...the part that has shut itself from the time, once upon a time...But those days are over...You are no longer alone!"
    — Cecil fighting his dark side, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Mysterious Girl: "Re... Reflect!"
    Bahamut: "You waste your breath!"
    — Bahamut, before he destroys the Mysterious Girl with Megaflare, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Mysterious Girl: "You're still alive."
    Man in Black: "Sure am. Not that I have quite as many bodies as you do."
    — Meeting a third time., Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Women can be fearsome things, sometimes...)"
―Palom, after he eavesdrops on a conversation between Porom, Leonora and Luca, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ugh! I hate muscle men! Barefoot ones, to boot!"
―Ultros, if Golbez attacks him during battle, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Our weakness is precisely what makes us so powerful...)"
―Golbez, after defeating the Ultima Weapon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ngh...! I am sorry...but my craft cannot hold out any longer... The chemical reactions... that were controlled by my outer frame...! They are changing...me... My brain has started to... transform...!"
―The Creator, before transforming, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"The Lunarians' Crystals were robbed of their power. The enemy's claw were upon them."
―Golbez to Kain, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ugh! I hate muscle men! What, are you the backup?"
―Ultros, after attacking Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ho ho ho! You aren't getting past me! No sir! No picking on me, now!"
―Ultros, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I...I'm not sure how I should react to that."
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I am impressed you made it here... But it all ends, now. The darkness is about to flood into your world... and the planet you live on shall be banished into oblivion!"
―Echidna, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(This power... It imprisoned me as well, once.)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Cerberus, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Soon...Soon, the dark flood will begin in earnest! And you... Yes, you will already be dead by the time it begins!"
―Ahriman, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"No...this is not among the Dark Crystals we know of."
―Kain, after encountering the Dark Crystals on the True Moon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"That was no regular Behemoth!"
―Cecil, after defeating the King Behemoth on the True Moon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(This is no mere moon... This is home to demons and devils!)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Astaroth, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Is this what happens when ones loses all hope, body, and soul?)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Beelzebub, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I never knew such a powerful dragon existed in this universe!"
―Kain, after the party defeats Tiamat, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"These monsters... They control the elements, much like the archfiends."
―Kain, after the party defeats Kraken, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Is this...an evolved version of the Behemoth?"
―Kain, after defeating the King Behemoth, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"That was no simply monster minion."
―Kain, after the party defeats Marilith, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Was that Death himself? I felt a sudden dread course through my veins..."
―Ceodore, after the party defeats Lich, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I felt so isolated. I was inside a world of profound darkness... However, I still had faith... faith that Rosa and Ceodore, and my friend would come to my aid... But I must admit, I certainly did not expect you to be among my saviors."
―Cecil to Golbez, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Fate is not something set in stone. If you want to change it, all you have to do is believe!"
―Cecil, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"There was a time when I hated my role in life. That all ended once I embarked on this journey! That role I hated... it was all just in my own head! "
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Cecil has returned to you, I see. But that has changed nothing. The planet has completed its role. Its fate has not changed one bit... just as yours remain unchanged."
―The Mysterious Girl, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I could hear your voice... it echoed through my mind, across the entire ordeal. That was what kept me from withering into an empty shell."
―Cecil to Golbez, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Cecil is my father... Rosa is my mother! And I am their one and only son!"
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years
FINAL FANTASY V

"Starkle, starkle little twink... Now it's time that you guys SINK!!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"I am certain we'll meet again!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"IT'S MORPHING TIME!!!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Hasta la bye bye!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Have at it, vile beasts!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Enough expository banter! Now we fight like men! And ladies! And ladies who dress like men!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"It's days like this that get you high on life! But you, sirs, are harshing my buzz!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Sweet Christmas, it's a talking turtle!"
―Bartz, meeting Ghido for the first time, Final Fantasy V

"Boko, you stud!"
―Bartz on hearing of Boko's wife, Final Fantasy V

"By Jove! What is that!"
―Ghido, Final Fantasy V

"Time for your viscera to see the light of day!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"You think I sat around seven centuries munching on pizza?"
―Ghido fighting Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"What the crap was that!?"
―Bartz, Final Fantasy V

"You have mastered the piano!!! All others quake in fear at your superhuman keyboard manipulation skills."
―Game text, when mastering the piano, Final Fantasy V

"Something's fishy about this place, and it ain't cod..."
―Bartz, before the fight with Siren, Final Fantasy V

"The laws of the universe mean nothing!"
―Neo Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"Bartz, Bartz, Bartz... so enthusiastic and yet so stupid."
―Ghido, Final Fantasy V

" Geez-oh-pete, every one of you guys is always going overboard!"
―Bartz Klauser, Final Fantasy V

"I heard a meteorite landed near Tycoon. Too bad it didn't land on my mother-in-law..."
―An NPC in Carwen, Final Fantasy V

    Cid: "Ha! Looks like that overgrown lobster just got served!"
    Bartz: "With cheese biscuits AND mashed potatoes!"
    — Cid and Bartz, upon the defeat of the Cray Claw, Final Fantasy V

"STELLA!!!"
―Dorgann Klauser, after discovering his wife died, Final Fantasy V

"Don't sound so surprised. This old dog is always ready for anything!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"Yeah...you can't ask a favor from a pirate! That's why we'll just sneak on and steal their ship!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"Trying to steal my ship, are you? You've a lot of brass... ...or mayhap you're just lacking in brains! I'd wager it's the latter."
―Faris, Final Fantasy V

"Let her go, you addle-pated foul-complexioned scofflaw!"
―Faris to Magissa, Final Fantasy V

"Don't come any closer! I will be fine. Just...must reach the dragon grass..."
―Lenna crossing the poison flowers on North Mountain, Final Fantasy V

    Chancellor: "Princess, you have a responsibility to this kingdom!"
    Lenna: "Yes...but more importantly I have a responsibility to the world. Right now, we are all in danger..."
    — Lenna visiting Tycoon Castle, Final Fantasy V

"My great escape, and it's another cell! That's the last of my explosives, too... Nuts!"
―Cid trying to escape Karnak Castle, Final Fantasy V

"It's finished! We are so awesome!"
―Mid on the revamped Fire-Powered Ship, Final Fantasy V

    Faris: "Maybe we'll see it and be inspired. Don't tell me you're afraid of some sand, old man..."
    Galuf: "Please! When I was your age, we crossed burning sand every day and liked it! Come on, Bartz!"
    — Discussing the Desert of Shifting Sands, Final Fantasy V

    Galuf: "Not the most sophisticated of methods..."
    Cid: "You aren't that sophisticated of a guy! I think it suits you fine!"
    — On using the Sandworm's body to cross the Desert of Shifting Sands, Final Fantasy V

"Galuf. It's good to see you again...for it means I have returned! Mwa-hahahahaha!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"Gadzooks! It's a den of monsters! Er, you kids can go ahead."
―Cid scouting the Karnak Meteorite, Final Fantasy V

"Be careful, Mr. Moogle!"
―Lenna before fighting the Moogle Eater, Final Fantasy V

    Lenna: "Grass isn't supposed to attack people!"
    Faris: "That's no grass, that's a beast! A foul, leafy demon!"
    — Lenna and Faris on the Dragon Flower, Final Fantasy V

"Don't do things like that! That's ridiculously dangerous!"
―Krile after Lenna takes a bite of Dragon Grass, Final Fantasy V

"By the briny beard of Neptune!"
―Faris on meeting Sage Ghido, Final Fantasy V

"Aren't we feeling self-important, taking all the blame, hmm? Had I meant it was your fault, I would've said that. Seals are meant to be broken."
―Ghido on Exdeath's return, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Exdeath! No way we'll let you get away with this!"
    Exdeath: "Mwa-hahahaha... Have you any idea what I plan to get away with in the first place?"
    — Bartz confronts Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "What, you don't believe me?"
    Krile: "Well, you're so poor at riding wind drakes..."
    — Bartz telling Krile about Boko, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Stuck in a monster's nest... Great, just great."
    Krile: "I don't think it's very great at all. Now what'll we do?"
    — After falling in an Antlion's den, Final Fantasy V

"Which one of you decided to maroon me back there!? Try it again and you'll hang from a yardarm!"
―Faris to Bartz and Krile, Final Fantasy V

"Peons! Tremble before my might! Mwa-hahahahaha!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"We must stop Exdeath. The people around the world need us... No, not only the people, but all life..."
―Krile, Final Fantasy V

"These woods are so peaceful. Why don't you rest here... ...FOR ALL ETERNITY!"
―Calofisteri, Final Fantasy V

"Enter the Dawn Warriors!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"I won't give up. There must be a way to reach the Wind Shrine!"
―Lenna, Final Fantasy V

    Xezat: "I'm coming! Hang in there!"
    Galuf: "That pun is so bad, I'm gonna fall on purpose..."
    — Said as Galuf dangles from a bowsprit, Final Fantasy V

"You know, it was my dad's dying wish that I go out and travel the world... Plus, this time, it feels like- like the wind is calling me."
―Bartz, Final Fantasy V

"I come with a request. Please, stop amplifying the power of the water crystal!"
―Lenna to King Walse, Final Fantasy V

"Why does the princess of Tycoon have the same pendant as I do?"
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"I reconsidered your request. You can go back to the brig if you'd rather."
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"Four new warriors have been chosen by the crystals... They must be the ones to fight Exdeath. Galuf... and Bartz, Lenna, Faris... The rest is up to you."
―Xezat Matias Surgate, Final Fantasy V

"It's all right. Look, you can eat it, see? I'll have some, too."
―Lenna eats poisonous Dragon Grass, Final Fantasy V

    Galuf: "We're back! Now open the gate!"
    Soldier: "Nice try, monster! You're gonna have to work harder to pull one over on the solders of Bal!"
    — The party returns to Castle Bal, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Sorry for messing up your plans... We just wanted-"
    Galuf: "Whatever! I'll verbally berate you later, after we've blown this pop stand!"
    — Galuf rescues the party from Castle Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"I don't even see the worry. What's a couple of overblown pop-guns against the likes of us?!"
―Galuf Halm Baldesion, Final Fantasy V

"A father, huh... wonder what that's like."
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"Tears don't really suit you, Krile. You have to be strong."
―Lenna Charlotte Tycoon, Final Fantasy V

"Mid... Take good care of your grandpa."
―Krile Mayer Baldesion, Final Fantasy V

"Who in blazes am I, anyway..."
―Galuf Halm Baldesion, Final Fantasy V
FINAL FANTASY VI

"Hee, hee! Nothing can beat the music of hundreds of voices screaming in unison!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"There's a reason "oppose" rhymes with "dispose"... if they get in your way, kill them!"
―Kefka to the imperial force poised to attack Narshe, Final Fantasy VI

"I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate HATE YOU!"
―Kefka to Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"Mercy is for wimps!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"This is sickening! You sound like chapters from a self-help booklet!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Now for a little Magicite hocus-pocus!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Son of a submariner!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"I'd say you're all charged up boys and girls...or whatever."
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Run run, or you'll be well done!"
―Kefka to Emperor Gestahl, Final Fantasy VI

""Wait" he says. Do I look like a waiter?"
―Kefka to Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"Terra...wait for me. I'll be back. And please, don't let a lecherous young king, who shall remain nameless, near you!"
―Locke to Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"M, M M M M M M M M M M M M M MAGIC?! She used magic?"
―Locke about Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Delicious Morsel, I'd love to get my tentacles around her!"
―Ultros, right before attacking Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Silence! You're in the presence of octopus royalty! A lowborn thug like you could never defeat me!"
―Ultros to Locke, Final Fantasy VI

"Not a word of this to anyone, O Shrouded One..."
―Locke to Shadow, after being seasick, Final Fantasy VI

"First of all, your beauty has captivated me! Second... I'm dying to know if I'm your type... I guess your ...abilities... would be a distant third."
―Edgar to Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"That's Shadow...! He'd slit his mama's throat for a nickel!"
―Edgar Roni Figaro to Terra about Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"Sabin, let's settle this with a toss of a coin. If it's heads, you win. We'll choose whichever path we want, without any regrets."
―Edgar to Sabin regarding their future, Final Fantasy VI

"If something were to happen to me, all the world's women would grieve!"
―Edgar, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm getting sick of this! Thou art such a pain in the...! Confound it all! I'm starting to talk like you!"
―Sabin, referring to Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"My life is a chip in your pile. Ante up!"
―Setzer, upon joining the party, Final Fantasy VI

"The infamous General Celes... The woman single-handedly responsible for the decimation of Maranada... Stand and meet thy judgment, Imperial b-"
―Cyan, upon meeting Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"A two-headed coin..? How low can you get? I love it!"
―Setzer, referring to Edgar's trick coin, Final Fantasy VI

"The best thing in life is being free of obligations... otherwise you lose your ability to gamble."
―Setzer, Final Fantasy VI

"Why not? Nothing to lose but my life... and I got that for free!"
―Setzer Gabbiani, Final Fantasy VI

"So, you were born with the power of Magic!? Isn't it a lovely gift..."
―Celes speaking with Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm a soldier, not some love-starved twit!"
―Celes talking with Edgar, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm a general, not some opera floozy!"
―Celes, after Locke suggests she can substitute in the opera, Final Fantasy VI

"Aren't you a little short for an imperial trooper?"
―Celes to Locke when he comes to rescue her in disguise, Final Fantasy VI

"Mr. Thou! Hurry up! We're leaving!!"
―Gau to Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"Gau's treasure... shiny, shiny!! Shiny, shiny, shiny!!!"
―Gau to Sabin and Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"Uwauu~!!"
―Gau, Final Fantasy VI

"Food! Food!"
―Sabin on the Phantom Train, Final Fantasy VI

"Waaaaaaahhhh! I'm gonna paint your portrait!"
―Relm, Final Fantasy VI

"Those two are hot and heavy, huh, Grandpa?"
―Relm, about Locke and Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"And then I raised my staff, and POW! Right in the kisser!"
―Strago, Final Fantasy VI

"Poo on peace!"
―Imperial Soldier going to the bathroom, Final Fantasy VI

"You born on a farm, son?"
―Maestro, Final Fantasy VI

"I am Cyan, retainer to the king of Doma. I am your worst nightmare..."
―Cyan, to the Captain, Final Fantasy VI

"H...how dare you...you licentious howler!"
―Cyan, to the dancer in Nikeah, Final Fantasy VI

"If I were you, Ox, I'd grab grandpa, here, and run!"
―Siegfried, threatening the party at the Phantom Train, Final Fantasy VI

"No. Mr. Thou is THAT one. Over THERE!"
―Sabin to Gau about Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"Can't wage war on an empty stomach!"
―Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"The reaper is always just a step behind me..."
―Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"Leave us. The dog eats strangers."
―Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"My name is Atma...... I am pure energy... and as ancient as the cosmos. Feeble creatures, GO!"
―Atma Weapon, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm Atma… Left here since birth… Forgotten in the river of time… I've had an eternity to… Ponder the meaning of things… And now I have an answer…"
―Atma, Final Fantasy VI

"Why do people insist on creating things that will inevitably be destroyed? Why do people cling to life, knowing that they must someday die? ...Knowing that none of it will have meant anything once they do?"
―Kefka Palazzo, Final Fantasy VI

"Uh, well, Mom always said I was a slow learner... but I eat FAST!!"
―Ultros, Final Fantasy VI

    Edgar: "...How old are you?"
    Relm: "Ten...Why? Weirdo. I'm going on ahead, okay?"
    — Edgar and Relm, Final Fantasy VI

"Hmm... I suppose a normal girl would have felt something from those words. But...not me..."
―Terra after Edgar flirts with her, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm better off waiting here for the executioner. At least that way I'll keep my pride..."
―Celes, Final Fantasy VI

    Cyan: "Do not think for even a moment that I trust thee!"
    Celes: "Fine. Use your own eyes, and see for yourself which side I'm on."
    — Cyan and Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"I don't know any more than you do. These powers just come naturally to me."
―Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Please...tell me! Who am I? Who!?"
―Terra to the frozen esper, Final Fantasy VI

"Espers... heed my call.."
―Terra opens the Esper Gate, Final Fantasy VI

"How dare you tease a little girl like that! If anything happens to her, I'm not going to forgive you!"
―Terra helps Relm deceive Ultros, Final Fantasy VI

"I don't know why these kids need me... And it's not like there's anything forcing me to protect them. It's the strangest feeling..."
―Terra in Mobliz, Final Fantasy VI

"Did you really think I was gonna check out before you, you old geezebag!? Ha-ha-ha..."
―Relm to Strago, Final Fantasy VI

"Because it's not the end that matters! It's knowing that you have something to live for right now, at this moment! Something you've worked for... something that's worth protecting! As long as you have that...that's enough!"
―Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Why do you build, knowing destruction is inevitable? Why do you yearn to live, knowing all things must die?"
―Kefka Palazzo, Final Fantasy VI 
